VERSION C - ONLINE SETUP

WHAT IS READY
React sign-in shell for the existing Cloudflare Worker, the existing quote
editor, a Google Cloud Run API, BigQuery storage adapter and private PDF storage.
Only nikita.trident2024@gmail.com is accepted by the API. Google verifies the
sign-in token; the backend checks its audience, issuer, email verification and
approved email. No password or private key belongs in the frontend or GitHub.

WHAT HAS NOT HAPPENED
No GitHub commit, Cloudflare deployment, Google Cloud deployment, billing change
or real cloud-data import has been performed. The current website is unchanged.
Google client ID is configured. The Cloud Run API URL is still required.

START HERE: CREATE GOOGLE SIGN-IN
1. In Google Cloud choose project trident-dashboard-511019.
2. Open Google Auth Platform. Configure Branding with app name Trident Quotes
   and your support email. Choose External audience; while in Testing add
   nikita.trident2024@gmail.com as a test user.
3. Open Clients, Create client, Web application.
4. Under Authorised JavaScript origins add:
   https://trident.nikita-trident2024.workers.dev
   Do not add a path or trailing slash. This app uses a JavaScript callback;
   an authorised redirect URI is not required for this flow.
5. Completed: your client ID is now included in .env.example and deployment
   scripts. No client secret is used by this application.
Official guide: https://developers.google.com/identity/gsi/web/guides/get-google-api-clientid

SOURCE PACKAGE
Online contains application source for the existing GitHub repository. It keeps
its React/Vite dependencies and wrangler name trident. Only upload the contents
of Online to GitHub. Do not upload the parent folder's local workbook, quote
records, drafts or PDFs. Those are private data and have separate storage.
No runtime download or copy of Version B is needed by the online editor.

DATABASE CHOICE
The supplied backend follows the screenshot's BigQuery approach, with a single
versioned register record for this initial one-person app. Each save atomically
checks and advances the global revision in one conditional UPDATE. PDFs are
immutable private objects; their references change with the register commit.
A lost response requires refreshing Home before retrying. Failed PDF cleanup
can leave an unreferenced private object; it does not appear in the quote list.
BigQuery is an analytics database, so queries/saves may be slower than a normal
transaction database. This implementation enforces an 8 MiB register size cap.
Before wider team use or a large register, prefer a transactional database.
The database choice can still be changed before deployment; a SQLite adapter
exists only for local test verification, not Cloud Run production storage.
https://docs.cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/best-practices-performance-compute

GOOGLE CLOUD RESOURCES
Cloud Run and BigQuery region: australia-southeast1 (Sydney).
Proposed dedicated dataset: trident_quotes. Existing datasets are not replaced.
BigQuery table: trident-dashboard-511019.trident_quotes.app_state.
Private PDF bucket: trident-dashboard-511019-quote-pdfs.
Runtime account: quote-api@trident-dashboard-511019.iam.gserviceaccount.com.
Check for naming collisions and verify dataset/bucket locations before running.
Cloud billing must be enabled. Google Cloud usage can incur charges even when
Cloudflare is on its free plan. Set a budget alert in the Cloud project.

SETUP IN CLOUD SHELL
Upload the Online source folder to Google Cloud Shell and enter it. Review
setup-cloud.sh. It enables the required APIs and grants BigQuery job execution,
dataset-scoped data editing and private bucket object management to the runtime
identity. Deployment/build permissions belong to the deploying account; if
Cloud Build reports missing permissions, follow its specific service-account
error rather than granting Project Owner to the runtime account.
The setup/deploy scripts now default to your supplied public client ID. Run:
 export GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID='1087455515042-ql715veu24peb1hhfrp69sj31t8sahaf.apps.googleusercontent.com'
 bash setup-cloud.sh

INITIALISE PRIVATE DATA ONCE
Make a separate private upload of your local Version B folder to Cloud Shell,
including workbook, Quote Records, Drafts and Generated Quotes. Open Version B
Home beforehand so any older standalone drafts are migrated. Keep local backups.
Do not place these files in GitHub. From Online/backend run:
 pip install -r requirements.txt
 export GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT='trident-dashboard-511019'
 export BIGQUERY_TABLE='trident-dashboard-511019.trident_quotes.app_state'
 export PDF_BUCKET='trident-dashboard-511019-quote-pdfs'
 python import_local.py '/path/to/Version B'
The table must be empty. The import refuses to overwrite an existing register.
Initialisation must finish before deploying and letting the app write quotes.
Remove the private Cloud Shell upload afterwards if it is no longer needed.

DEPLOY BACKEND
From Online, with GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID still set:
 bash deploy-api.sh
Record the returned HTTPS service URL. Cloud Run permits browser requests to
reach the service, but every data API verifies the Google token and owner email.
The health endpoint contains only version/health, no client or configuration data.
PDF objects have no public bucket access. Cross-origin requests are allowed only
from the specified Cloudflare origin. No Cloud Run filesystem data is relied on.
https://docs.cloud.google.com/run/docs/deploying-source-code

CONNECT CLOUDFLARE
Commit only Online source to the existing Trident repository. In its Cloudflare
build configuration set build command npm run build, deploy command
npx wrangler deploy (for the existing Workers assets setup).
Add build environment variables:
 VITE_API_URL = the Cloud Run HTTPS URL, with no final slash
 VITE_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID = the same web client ID used by the API
Run npm ci and npm run build locally if desired. Rebuild/deploy the Worker.
The existing wrangler.jsonc publishes dist and handles SPA navigation.
Do not create a second app or change the existing trident Worker name.
The build variable values are public configuration, not client secrets.

FINAL LIVE CHECKS
Sign in with the approved account; another Google account must be denied.
Save a draft, close/reopen, finalise, view PDF, edit, regenerate and delete.
Deleted numbers must stay reserved. Test two tabs updating the same quote.
Download Excel, edit a quote type or bank detail, upload and verify defaults.
Keep existing Quote Register rows, identity, status and revision values intact.
Sign out and check that protected API/PDF requests require authentication.
Cloud integration must pass these live checks before calling Version C deployed.

LOCAL VERIFICATION COMPLETED
React production build and lint passed. API tests covered missing/wrong account,
wrong origin, draft/finalise/edit/delete, deleted number reservation, workbook
history retention, compare-and-swap conflicts and staged PDF cleanup. Browser
workflow tested React sign-in handoff, editor saving, authenticated PDF viewing,
editing, deletion and sign-out with a simulated Google token and SQLite storage.
Real Google token verification, BigQuery concurrency and Cloud Storage IAM have
not yet been exercised against the user's cloud environment.

VERSION A AND B
Existing Version A/B files and archives remain unchanged. Version C's local
working copy remains available separately from Online. The supplied Online ZIP
contains source only, without private quote data or installed dependencies.

CONFIGURED GOOGLE CLIENT ID
1087455515042-ql715veu24peb1hhfrp69sj31t8sahaf.apps.googleusercontent.com
